well im final do my homework. that good so far. i reali like thi psycholog class. my professor is pretti cool. he the onli teacher who make me laugh. edp is so boring. it like be in high school. man high school is final over atleast. im final in the real world. it feel good to go to ut. it like im live a dream. thi is so cool. i realli need to concntrat on my school work though. it go to be difficult though with work and all. i have to take an extrem hard test at the oliv garden tomarrow. i hope i pass. i cant wait until i start make some good money. speak of money im run low. time to sen word to good ole mom. she so good to me. i sure dont want to let her down. i miss her and my father and especi both of my brothers. i have so much fun when im with them. i miss play footbal with cody. that wa a lot of fun. ill never forget my homecom game on my senior year when i ht that guy. that wa so awesome. ill never forget when they hd to medivac him off of the field. that wa so cool. ill never forget how i fealt when they had to stop the game becus he lost countiosness. everybodi in school start call me k. o. for knock out. i wish i could play some footbal for u. t. that would be awesome. im go to take crystal to the next game. i can believ ive been with her for so long. i guess that mean im do good. im go to colleg i hav a job and a steadi relationship. so far so good. i cant wait until i get that degre and put some of thi knowledg to use. man it onli been minutes. i have to get up earli manana and it get kind of late. but hey atleast im be constructive. when i went to work earlier i got to take some food to a coupl of tables. i wa a littl nervou but i did well. onc get into the swing of thing i bet it will go smooth. it better. if it doesnt ill find a less stress job. the money at the oliv garden better compens for the stress. my manag is pretti cool. she go to work around my schedule. i wonder what thi thing is go to tell me at the end i hope make a good grade in psy. shoot all my class better come out with a good grade. im afraid of failure. i want to do realli well and succeed. succeed in life as well. ive alreadi made a ton of friend and ive onli been to school for a week. when the first semest is complet ill be use to everyth ad start have some fun. but until then i must concentr on everything. everything.