i realli dont know or think that i have have ani chanc of finish college. i feel sometim that the onli reason i am here is for my parent and famili and the satisfact that i will feel when they are all togeth at my hous for my graduat party. i person feel that colleg is a old way of thinking. i feel that one is brought up to believ that they have to follow a certain track in life all to often. with the way that the economi is now and the way that job secur is i found it hard to believ in the belief that one should go to colleg get an educ and go off into to work forb and work there way up the copor ladder. a ladder that ha been laid out by peopl who had the knowledg to know that in most case colleg and the eduact system is design to train other to becom product worker for others. i feel that the small amount of peopl who do becom finaci secur at the level i someday wish to be understand that if you want to make more money then other you have to do thing that are outsid of the norm. the reason everywher you look you dont see ton millionair is becaus onli a handful of peopl have the courag to step outsid of the norm of societi and do thing thier own way. thi is the problem that bring me the most stress right now in my life. i cant help but to think that mayb me thinkn thi is a sign that i am meant to follow thi path of break out of the norm. but again i look insid of myself and wonder if i have the courag myself to do it. i have tri numer time to step out of thi norm but find myself run back to the norm for security. i wonder sometim if thi should thi even be a factor in my life right now onli be . but then i see peopl who i would like to be like and thier lifestyl and see that they have the thing i want at my age and some case even younger. am i in fact wast my life away sit in a class room fill of peopl who ambit in life might be to be noth more then normal. i myself cant stand to be in the norm. i want to go my own way and do thing that may be a littl crazi or riski but then again i guess that is whi im write thi now. a sad attempt to fill time until i have to courag to do my own thing. man write for thi long hurt your hand . i bet the beer will kill that pain. whi do i drin k everyday. is it becaus i feel i have better sex after i have had a few drink i know that is why. i find myself do that a lot. whi are women such a big part of my life. is that the real reason i want to be rich and famou so i can get ani women i want what make me think that i cant get those women know. whi do i feel asham when i talk to women now about my major and how i realli dont have a high pay major. i guess i could say im wait to be a self made millionair but how mani peopl say that. what is that smell. damn my roommat stinks. whi is he so short whi doe he have a sever case of littl man symdrom. i think hi girlfriend want me. damn i sound like a nip tuck show guy. that would be a cool job. but to much school for plastic surgen. i realli need to stop dip copenhagen. i wonder if someon is go to read this. if they do i wonder what they will think. my attent span sucks. i know i have add becaus i dont want to take the test but ill take the medication. whi did i do so mani damn drug in high school. high school man that wa fun. drink befor school. xtc dure school . man we were a crazi crew. im happi i still talk to like percent of the ol boy and girls. it cool have good friend everyon should have a few. i wonder if they look up to me for be abl to drink the most. is that whi i do thak for the time.