well i final got to my write for psy. i have been at home dure the labor day weekend. i miss my famili so much especi my dog meno. i realli did not want to leave. i actual want to go home right now. i have today off. my class is not until pm and the class is bio . my bio professor is pretti funni eventhough i onli understand him half of the time. the funni thing is he lectur better than my bio professor. my bio professor realli cannot lectur at all. i do not understand anyth that come out of hi mouth. i realli do need to understand him or els my exam will be extrem horrible. i have a huge headach right now. im watch soap right now. im wait to watch all my children. right now im watch port charl which broke off of gener hospital. right now alison is lock in jail. everyon think she kill her best friend father but in realiti she realli didnt. alison is a person that is sweet and innoc and can never kill anyone. the person that realli kill or hurt alison best friend livi is a woman that die year ago. she ha black magic. she came out of the picture. it is realli funny. know wonder thi show wa cut off of abc. it about magic and vampires. wow i cant believ i have onli been write for minutes. minut feel so far away. i just sign up for the prescreen survey. i wonder how that works. you know i havent gone shop in a long time. i miss it. the mall down here realli smell and is pretti old but they have all the store i like. like bebe bebe sport white hous and black market nordstrom. i miss my galleria in dallas. i usual go shop onc a week but now it ha been a month sinc i have gone. i cant believ my brother is still sleep it is like almost in the afternoon. speak of my brother. he and hi girlfriend and myself of cours wa speak about our futur career last night. i realli dont know if pharmaci is realli the way i want to go. i like it just becaus i dont have to go to school that long and it make good money but i dont kow if i realli am go to enjoy it. i wish i could find someth in ut that would pop out at me. i want a career that would make me happi and make good money. i wish i had a dream that would tell me what it is that i would do in the future. i wish god would come into my dream and tell me that thi is the path you are take to the future. wouldnt that be nice to know. i realli want to find the right path to my future. i dont want to wast half of my life on someth i will hate in the future. hope someth will trigger me soon. i am still watch soap in a coupl of minut all my children will be on. wow i onli have one minut left to write. i didnt know i had so much to say. it realli make me feel better just to say everyth on my mind.