i realli enjoy thi class. i can get into it and not be bore like my other classes. the class that i hate the most is my chemistri class becaus i dont understand the teacher and i sont understand the subject. my major is nurs and premed. i realli hope i can get into medic school so i can becom a surgeon. my room just left to her lab class. her name is katrina but i call her kat. she so awesom we bought a fish togeth on monday. hi name is senior sol. okay thi thing just went back so i click forward on the web browser and my inform wa still here but my time start over so that suck im kind of watch tv and do thi assign at the same time but most of my foucu is go into this. i realli miss my friend especi the fab five emili laura miguel aron and soid i love them so much i talk to emili yesterday onlin and she room with laura at smu and she told me that laura is go greek and is start to act like a barbi doll i wonder if as soon as i go home if me and her will still get along hmm. wonders. i realli have to go to the restroom and i dont think i can realli get up and go or if i have to keep write i realli have to go so im go to go and ill be back soon. . . . okay im back i hope that doesnt effect anyth but i think it made up for the time that got erased. im watch who want to be a millionar now and i wish i could be on that show becaus i think i would actual make it and becaus i realli want to be on tv and make money as well. it realli cold in my dorm room and im start to get sick. i realli miss my boyfriend right now. he at work though. he goe to acc and he a second year. i think if he wasnt here in austin with me i would go crazi becaus i would be here all alon without friend or family. hi name is rey and on the th. it go to be our month anniversary. it ha been one of my longest relationships. my longest relationship would have had to be month and that relationship wa off and on. there onli one problem with my relationship with rey and that is that my famili still doesnt know about him and i think i should tell them soon. i realli love him a lot he treat me right and we havent realli gotten into a fight that we dont speak to each other. i talk to him everyday and we tri to see each other everyday and so far sinc ive move here i do see him everyday even if it just for a littl while. i think that he might be the one. he told hi famili all about me and so far they approve. one of hi cousin though said that she is go to throw water balloon at me becaus she doesnt want him to have a girlfriend. i also miss my famili a lot but i realli dont want to tell them that i miss them becaus then theyll be like i told u so and i told you that you were go to miss us. my mom email me and call me everyday. even though it not necessari sinc i havent live at home sinc june sinc i wa attend smu but she just start call everyday as soon as i move to austin. my littl cousin jonathan that i miss the most and i cri each time just think about him is upset and cri for me becaus he didnt want me to move and he never seem to want to talk to me becaus he want me to give him a better reason than school for me moving. big brother just start and that a realli good program but a lot of the decis that are be made in the game dissapoint me becaus there a lot of backstab go on. i realli need to read for me class and i need to stop procrastinating. i need to get on the ball and start studi other than do noth and watch tv and go out. i realli like ut and i think it one of the best decis ive ever made.