i feel kind strang assign like i dont think ive ever inform assignment. i got phone girl i galveston i junior high school whole time i talk i think i want shut i could assignment. well anyway i sit crt realli concentr anyth special king chilling. my roommat play quak comput side room radio make king hard concentr nois room. i think artist radio natali merchant damn i realli hate music poppi disgusting. everyth drum guitar vocal sound devoid feel mean mind numb spiritcrush experi listen crap . i wish would shut . i prefer band like korn pantera. sing much feel song sung vehem anger lust disgust hatred. entir spectrum emot explor works. favorit band helmet alic chain pearl jametc. i guess i kind got caught whole altern revolut phenomenon. i wore flannel and had rip up jean and doc marten and i even did the drug that went along with the whole altern scene. a big mistak in my opinion becaus those vice with which i experi last their taboo and so now i have no fear of them and would have no qualm about take them other than the fact that they destroy your bodi and mind. now i onli drink anoth result of my experi with alternatives. it funni becaus in high school i wa a drugger and an alternateen when i wa wish that i could be a musician. but now that i am one i have my own band i dont realli feel the need to do live the altern lifestyle. i dont dress strang or have strang habits. i have a . gpa and wa the valedictorian of my high school so that kind of beli some of the thing that ive said here. better man by pearl jam just came on the radio. i like thi song alot. pearl jam not as good as they use to be. their album tenversu and vitalog are much better than the album no code in my opinion. no code seem so steril and not pearl jam. i think it ha a lot to do with the fact that they have a differ drummerth old drummer from the red hot chile peppers. he suck in comparison to dave abbruzzeseth old drummer for pearl jam. i wish they would put out anoth awesom album. if they did i would be veri happy. oh yeah my roommat just remind me about thi girl that i know. she a fat girl and she kind of a bitch. she keep call me and call me but i dont want to talk to her becaus i dont like her that way at allbut she like me like that. . . . i kind of like live in jester becaus it is veri close to everyth that goe on campus. the food suck realli badli but there are plenti of beauti girl that live hereso that is realli cool. i just glanc at my watch becaus i am time my time here on thi assignment. i onli have a few more minut to do thi assignment. i just thought about how delici my supper wa today at my friend drew uncl house. we had badass barbecu and he gave us beer and margueritas. he wa a realli cool guy. i want to go back there sometim and hangout again. he got a realli nice hous and he build a studio for recording. that will be cool. mayb my bandth goodsidewil be abl to make use of thi to record some stuff in there. we have our own studio but it in the dorm room so it not realli easi to record all the time in there becaus youv got to take into account other peopl sleep habit and want and needsthat anoth thing that such about the dorms. it kind of cramp the lifestyl of someon who make a lot of noise. well ive gone over my twenti minut minimum so ill go ahead a start read for other classes. .