well i dont lnow what all to type about sinc we can type about anything. my boyfriend that i havent seen sinc i move down here three week ago came down today from dalla so im pretti excit about that. i wish he didnt have to leav on monday but he ha schoo aslo. my roommat is on the comput next to me read about el nino and her boyfriend is watch me type. thi comput lab stinks. my boyfriend is bore out of hi mind becaus he want to play game but cant get on a computer. i think thi psycholog cours is go to be hard becaus there are so mani peopl in the class. five hundr peoplr is a bit too mani peopl to have in one classhow will anyon learn anyth also the whole experi thing is veri strange. what are they go to studi about us i sure as heck am not go to write a research paper though. i hate write paper im glad that we dont have a final in our class. but i have a final in my philosophi class and it also on the last day. that sucks. i wa hope i could go home and work dure the christma holiday but sinc i wont leav until decemb that not good. at least we dont have to be back until januari though that is good enough for me. aaron and i are both grow impatient. i feel like i have been type for an hour but it ha oni been ten minutes. i cant wait until tonight. me aaron manda and brannon are go out to eat and to see g. i. jane. ive been want to see that movi forever. if brannon doesnt shut up im go to back hand him. aaron is play with the mous and it is drive me crazy. now he laugh up a storm and it is also drive me crazy. branon is a pervert. o excus me he think he romantic. now were all laugh and talk about don juan demarco whoever he is. i am so hungry. i havent eaten all day and my stomach feel like it gonna cave in. now aaron is talk about taco bell and im go to vomit. i hate taco bell as well as almost all fast food restaurants. now aaron is read what i am type and it is annoy me. not realli almost everyth he doe i think is cute. i miss him a lot im realli glad he here thi weekend. he fix to move down here in a month becaus he graduat from the art institut of dalla on septemb the same day as our first exam. now they are talk talk about how nasti undershirt look. if aaron pick at hi foot one more time im gonna slap him. now my time is up im realli glad.